[music]
Good morning, I am Lyudmila old-timer
Today we will do with you unusual
flower for this we need quite
a little time and very simple
tools and materials
take a knitting needle visual ordinary piece
wire and scotch come and fix
our wire on the needle for those who know how
knit it does not make any
labor well, what's the basis of knitting
[music]
and the principle of knitting
recruit 24 loops
but recruited loosely from small
gaps so that then when we
filmed we had a curve such an edge then
there you see I do not collect loops close
each other then move instead
left
then i'm just moving
I need a quantity
here's the telly now I'm strings right here
tying up
we cut off the thread
now we remove the scotch and handle together
we take our loops off the knitting needles
right
back words should be inside
now here
need to do so assemble our
miniature flower to the pigtail which
there was a smooth edge outside
flower petal
Christmas trees like this
let it go
6-apb streets we wind the thread to be
green stalk
for our brooch we need 6 of these
blanks principle of making leaf
here is the same as petals only than
the difference we used for the flower
round needle and here we use
two centimeters can be any
ticker use suitable
the size will be different just fasten
some put it a small set
loops
as well as sleeping only as early as
sleep use our stocking
that is enough
up
design no cup code which we knit
remove layer
and together with the hook loops remove with
our stock so that
shelves turned
in the middle
do not rush gently
now forms
leaf to smooth edge was on
rose leaf
rounded loops seemed inside
I fold the wire into blanks
we add 6 and ready stamens can and
itself produce and can be for
artificially 100 to purchase such and they
we must enter just between ours
flowers in a flower blossoms in
whose stamens are out
now we fasten stamens with threads
we get for such unusual flowers
You can think up the name yourself.
dating and success
[music]